what's up buddy welcome back to my bar
to where safety is number one priority
and in this experiment I'm gonna show
you how to tell if of a kadhai ripe or
not the most easiest way we'll check
this out
so I got few our cutters over here some
on black some of them green and how do I
tell if it's too light or not ripe
enough obviously green like that is not
ripe enough but the darker ones how do
you know if it's too light or just
perfect so let's check this out so there
is a sway to find out if our card alive
or not typed or too light is by grabbing
this and and moving it so if it's yellow
it's good to go it will be perfect to
eat so but if it's green let's check
this out
it's like it's green over here you see
the difference this one yellow and this
one gain you know inside here so let's
check this out this one looks silly
going inside you know this one kind of
yellowish / green it's a pretty perfect
you know I mean this is nice this is the
avocado you want to buy and you ready to
eat right now this one is you know this
one okay - you see it's kind of greenish
inside it's not too dark you know it
said it to eat as well but this one you
see it's overripe it's the whole is
becoming like black so you don't want to
go out the store and buy this kind of a
cut its to overripe so is this one you
know the hole is way too dark so it's
going to be not good it's over life so
this is the perfect color in a ready to
eat even this one a little bit too dark
you know and this one is way too much
you know so this is what you're looking
for it here no blackness whatsoever and
this is just way to go into
yet all right guys that's pretty much it
let me know what do you think comments
below and as always don't forget to
subscribe subscribe to my second channel
and the slow mo lab links in the
description and I'll see you next time
and boom but you know let's let's see it
again
so all you have to do is grab it by this
thing all the way inside and put your
elbow down this way and you just like go
that way and drop your short